CheECSEManager is intended to be used by a facility manager to effectively manage the aging process of cheese. Upon instruction of the facility manager, a robot takes care of the regular washing and turning of cheese wheels. The cheese wheels are supplied by local farmers that cannot age the cheese by themselves. Farmers use the application to individually track the details of their cheese wheels. Once matured, cheese wheels are sold to wholesale companies.
The application has a built-in user account for the facility manager called manager@cheecse.fr. Initially, the password for this account is set to manager, but this can be changed later by the person with manager access. When updating the facility manager password, the password must be at least 4 characters long, must contain a special character from !, #, or $, must contain an uppercase character, and must contain a lowercase character.
When a farmer registers in the system, they provide an email address as the account name and a password as well as a postal address and an optional name. The account name and password identify each farmer. The email address must contain @ symbol, must have characters before @, must contain a dot after @, must have characters after dot, and must not contain spaces. The email cannot be manager@cheecse.fr. The password must not be empty. The address must not be empty. The name is optional. The farmer email must be unique in the system. Once entered, the email address of a farmer cannot be changed. However, the facility manager can update a farmer's password, address, and name. When updating a farmer, the password must not be empty and the address must not be empty. The facility manager can delete a farmer from the application, but only if the farmer has not yet supplied any cheese to the facility.
The facility manager configures the shelves of the facility. Shelves are always arranged in a parallel fashion with an aisle separating two shelves that is big enough for the robot. A shelf is identified by an ID, which consists of a letter and two numbers. The ID must be three characters long. The first character must be a letter. The second and third characters must be digits. The shelf ID must be unique in the system. A shelf has a (potentially) unlimited number of columns and up to ten rows. The number of columns must be greater than zero. The number of rows must be greater than zero. The number of rows must be at the most ten. The first column the robot encounters when moving along an aisle is referred to as column 1, with each subsequent column being numbered one higher than the previous one. Similarly, the bottom row is referred to as row 1, while the top row is referred to as at the most 10. A row of a column of a shelf fits exactly one cheese wheel. For each row and column of a shelf, there is exactly one location in the system associated with that row and column. It is not possible to update the shelf configuration, but the facility manager may delete a whole shelf if there is no cheese stored on the shelf.
The facility manager purchases a number of fresh cheese wheels from a farmer. The farmer with the specified email must exist in the system. While the purchase date is tracked by the application, the price of the purchase is out of scope for the application. At the time of the purchase, it is decided for how many months the cheese wheels are being aged (i.e., six, twelve, twenty four, or thirty six months). The monthsAged must be Six, Twelve, TwentyFour, or ThirtySix. The number of cheese wheels in a purchase must be greater than zero. This can later be changed but it is only possible to increase the number of months. When updating a cheese wheel, the monthsAged must be Six, Twelve, TwentyFour, or ThirtySix. It is not possible to decrease the monthsAged of a cheese wheel. When the cheese wheels arrive at the facility (which happens on the purchase date), each is assigned to its shelf (i.e., to a specific column and row of a shelf). The facility manager can assign a cheese wheel to a shelf location with a specific column and row. The cheese wheel with the specified ID must exist. A spoiled cheese wheel cannot be placed on a shelf. The shelf location must exist. The shelf location must not already be occupied. It may be necessary to move a cheese wheel to a different location on the same shelf or to a different shelf altogether at some point during the aging process. The facility manager can remove a cheese wheel from its shelf location. The cheese wheel with the specified ID must exist. The cheese wheel must be on a shelf in order to be removed. In rare cases, it may happen that one of the cheese wheels goes bad, in which case the cheese wheel is marked as spoiled. When a cheese wheel is marked as spoiled, it is removed from its shelf if it was on a shelf, and it is removed from any order it was part of.
Similarly, the facility manager fulfils an order of a number of aged cheese wheels from a wholesale company. An order may only be for one kind of cheese (e.g., only six months or only twelve months but not both). The monthsAged must be Six, Twelve, TwentyFour, or ThirtySix. The number of cheese wheels in an order must be greater than zero. The wholesale company with the specified name must exist in the system. Again, the price of the order is out of scope for the application, but the transaction date is tracked by the application. Furthermore, the delivery date is decided at the time of the order. The delivery date must be on or after the transaction date. For example, a cheese wheel which was purchased on March 1st to be aged for six months can be ordered at any date on or after March 1st but can only be delivered on or after September 1st (i.e., its maturation date). The application assigns available cheese wheels to the order accordingly. Only non-spoiled cheese wheels are assigned to orders. Available cheese wheels are those that match the monthsAged of the order, are not spoiled, and can be delivered by the delivery date. If there are not enough cheese wheels available, the application tracks how many cheese wheels are missing for the order. This number may have to be updated when a cheese wheel goes bad or when a cheese wheel's monthsAged is changed to a different value.
For an order to be made, the wholesale company's name and address must be entered by the facility manager. The name must not be empty. The address must not be empty. The wholesale company name must be unique in the system. The facility manager can also update this information. When updating a wholesale company, the wholesale company with the specified name must exist. The updated name must not be empty. The updated address must not be empty. If the updated name is different from the current name, the updated name must not already exist in the system. The facility manager may also delete a wholesale company but only if no cheese has been ordered by the wholesale company.
Several reports are available to the facility manager: (i) a list of all farmers and, for a farmer, the cheese wheels that have been supplied by the farmer and when as well as the months each cheese wheel is to be aged and whether it is spoiled; (ii) a list of all shelves and, for a shelf, the cheese wheels that are stored on the shelf and where as well as the months each cheese wheel is to be aged; (iii) a list of all wholesale companies and, for a wholesale company, the orders that have been placed including the order date, the months the cheese is to be aged, the number of cheese wheels ordered, the number of cheese wheels missing, and the delivery date; (iv) a list of all cheese wheels showing each cheese wheel's ID, months aged, whether it is spoiled, purchase date, shelf ID (if on a shelf), column and row (if on a shelf), and whether it is part of an order; (v) details of a specific farmer showing their email, password, address, name, and all cheese wheels supplied by the farmer with each cheese wheel's ID, months aged, whether it is spoiled, and purchase date; (vi) details of a specific shelf showing its ID, number of columns, number of rows, and all cheese wheels stored on the shelf with each cheese wheel's column, row, ID, and months aged; (vii) details of a specific wholesale company showing its name, address, and all orders placed by the wholesale company with each order's transaction date, months aged, number of cheese wheels ordered, number of cheese wheels missing, and delivery date; (viii) details of a specific cheese wheel showing its ID, months aged, whether it is spoiled, purchase date, shelf ID (if on a shelf), column and row (if on a shelf), and whether it is part of an order. The farmer report is also available to a farmer.
